Here's the text input for this batch, which is hopefully a batch and not a single image because of all this nonsense that is making me mad right now.  I can't say I'm very happy about a few things here.

Anyways, this is intended for making a 2D photorealistic photograph or two, and not some 3D model or something else.  It isn't exactly some homework project from school, but I do plan on considering putting it on my refrigerator.  I can't say it's for evil mommy though.  Not that I'm related to that unholy wrathful she-bitch, as if.

This is what was used for the first two images:
A copy of the reference image "TS2".  The eyes are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyelids are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyebrows are the same as in the reference image "eyes and eyebrows".  The scalp hair needs to look exactly the same as it in "TS2".  The eyebrows need to be natural golden blond, matching the scalp hair's color that it is in "TS2".  The person's skin color needs to be a smooth paper-white skin.  The person's nose needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The mouth needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The freckles need to be the same as they are in the reference image "TS1".  The entire image is symmetrical.

This is the updated text input, intended for the next image(s), when ready to generate (The first two images show side-by-side messed up failures, bad images, the first failure being two almost-identical semi-model blocky angular images, and the second messed-up image showing a goofy-looking messed up image with bad hair on the left and a messed-up female-looking image with partly Caucasian skin and part-paper-white skin on the right with female eyes [especially the eye lashes] of all things):
A copy of the reference image "TS2".  The output is one single person's head, centered.  The eyes are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyelids are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyebrows are the same as in the reference image "eyes and eyebrows".  The scalp hair needs to look exactly the same as it in "TS2".  The eyebrows need to be natural golden blond, matching the scalp hair's color that it is in "TS2".  The person's skin color needs to be a smooth paper-white skin.  The person's nose needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The mouth needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The freckles need to be the same as they are in the reference image "TS1".  The entire person's face in the output image is symmetrical.

