Hey Celestial Bear,

Visual renders of Celestial Bear, Mecha/Machines, and Japanese men seem to be bickering in a back-and-forth shit-flinging contest in my head, and from the audio in my head they seem to be arguing over whether or not this file should be called "text input" or "text prompt" and if so-and-so is a space alien but knows English, but, whatever (yikes), here's what I put into Hedra, ready for the "second" image to be generated, though the first time around I accidentally got TS1 and TS2 scrambled with each other.

A copy of the reference image "TS2".  The eyes are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyelids are the same as in "eyes and eyebrows".  The eyebrows are the same as in the reference image "eyes and eyebrows".  The scalp hair needs to look exactly the same as it in "TS2".  The eyebrows need to be natural golden blond, matching the scalp hair's color that it is in "TS2".  The person's skin color needs to be a smooth paper-white skin.  The person's nose needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The mouth needs to be the same as in "TS2".  The freckles need to be the same as they are in the reference image "TS1".

Hope this clears up the, uh, "nonsense" going on...  *COUGH*bullshit*COUGH* and so forth, as I'm sure you know how not even half of what you and other card-carrying members say get to me, and, well, gosh, funny how everyone suddenly finds your name popular and wants to call themselves Celestial Bear as their favorite new nickname when we do this, isn't it?  Not to mention White Horse as she's pointing out just now, and White Tiger, but mostly by only one of his names, and so on, as if...

BTW, please let me know if turning on the alarm clock is still an issue, because stuff like that seriously isn't funny, and you know how I worry about how these things might still be going on the whole time, behind all this other stuff.  I still take that stuff seriously, even with all the silly stuff and jokes back and forth every so often.  For those guys, hope they enjoy the music.
