Copper Fox, 12 years old

Copper Fox.png <-- Copper Fox's face
SN12b.png <-- Sage Northcutt's body at 12 years old, for shirtless muscular 12-year-old body

Text Prompt (Hedra), first image:
A teenage boy who looks exactly like the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png", but has the body of the person in the other reference image called "SN12b.png".  He is 12 years old.  His face and all facial features match that of the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png" except that he is 12 years old.  He has vivid strawberry red hair.  His entire face and body has a very bright pale Caucasian white skin color.  He has strong, well-defined muscles.  He has a skinny, narrow body.  He is shirtless.  He is wearing long black nylon athletic basketball shorts.  The background is a junior-high school gymnasium with bright cool white lighting.

Text Prompt (Hedra), second and third images:
A teenage boy who looks exactly like the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png", but has the body of the person in the other reference image called "SN12b.png".  He is 12 years old.  His face and all facial features match that of the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png" except that he is 12 years old.  He has vivid strawberry red hair.  He has vivid strawberry red eyebrows.  He has vivid deep green eyes.  His entire face and body has a very bright pale Caucasian white skin color.  He has strong, well-defined muscles.  He has a skinny, narrow body.  He is shirtless.  He is wearing long black nylon athletic basketball shorts.  The background is a junior-high school gymnasium with bright cool white lighting.

Text Prompt (Hedra), fourth image:
A teenage boy who looks exactly like the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png", but has the body of the person in the other reference image called "SN12b.png".  He is 12 years old.  His face and all facial features match that of the person in the reference image "Copper Fox.png" except that he is 12 years old.  He has vivid red hair.  He has vivid red eyebrows.  He has vivid deep green eyes.  His entire face and body has a very bright pale Caucasian white skin color.  He has strong, well-defined muscles.  He has a skinny, narrow body.  He is shirtless.  He is wearing long black nylon athletic basketball shorts.  The background is a junior-high school gymnasium with bright cool white lighting.




